
Dear Google Maps Platform customer,

We detected that you are using unrestricted API keys with Google Maps Platform services. These keys may be publicly exposed and vulnerable to abuse.

Please review and take action immediately to secure your API keys. Google Maps Platform customers are responsible for charges incurred with unrestricted API keys, including usage by unauthorized third parties. By securing your keys, you limit the risk of unpaid charges and subsequent account suspension.

What you need to know
When you load the Google Maps Platform services from a public environment (e.g. website or mobile app), you must set up appropriate application key restrictions, so your key can only be used from the context of your application.

API key restriction recommendations are created by Google based on your historical Google Maps Platform service usage, and may be surfaced in the Google Cloud Console. These recommendations make it easy to secure your key with a few clicks.

When you set up application restrictions on your key, a single application platform type will be supported on that key (e.g. key restricted to websites, or key restricted to Android apps). If you are currently using your key with multiple platforms, you must first split your usage across multiple keys (at least one per platform), before you can properly restrict your keys.

What you need to do
Please take urgent action to secure those keys and avoid unauthorized charges in the future.

Below, you will find more detailed instructions for how to secure each of your exposed Google Maps Platform keys.

Project: Spain (spain-471315)
API key: Maps Platform API Key (efee69a7-77af-4556-9770-d4f2aab07db4)
Detailed findings:
Automatic API key restriction recommendations should be available for this key.
The key needs the following type of application restriction: website restrictions

The key has been used on these Google Maps Platform APIs: Geocoding API, Maps JavaScript API and Places API

Recommended actions:
Review and apply your API key restriction recommendations for Maps Platform API Key on the Google Maps Platform Keys & Credentials page in the Cloud Console.
Relevant documentation:
Apply recommended API key restrictions

If you manage other Google Maps Platform projects than the ones listed above, please also review these in the Cloud Console, and take necessary action to secure any unrestricted API keys.

Learn more in the Google Maps Platform security guidance.

We’re here to help
We know these changes may take some planning. If you have any questions or require assistance with API key restrictions, please contact our support team at Google Maps Platform Support.

Thanks for choosing Google Maps Platform.